Redirects UI text, AIW instructions, library fixes (#2137)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/build-sso-integration/specify-your-settings/openidconnect/settings.md

      * **Allow Access Token with implicit grant type**
  >**Note:** For SPA app integrations, the **Authorization Code** grant type always uses PKCE to verify the client. Also, the **Client acting on behalf of itself** grant type is not supported in OIN app integrations.
* If you only want to support direct SSO to your application (so the integration isn't launched from the Okta End-User Dashboard), then:
  1. Enter one or more **Sign-in redirect URIs** values where Okta sends the OAuth responses.
  1. Set the **Sign-in initiated by** drop-down box to **App Only**.
  1. Leave all of the remaining entries at their default values.

* If you want to support launching your application from the Okta dashboard:
  1. Enter one or more **Sign-in redirect URIs** values where Okta sends the OAuth responses.

>   2. (Optional). Enter the **Sign-out redirect URIs** where Okta redirects the browser after receiving the sign out request from the relying-party and terminating its end-user session. See [Single Logout](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/okta_help_CSH.htm#ext_Apps_Single_Logout) or the [`/logout` API endpoint](/docs/reference/api/oidc/#logout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. (Optional). Enter the **Sign-out redirect URIs** where Okta redirects the browser after you receive the sign-out request from the relying-party and terminate its end-user session. See [Single Logout](https://help.okta.com/en/prod/okta_help_CSH.htm#ext_Apps_Single_Logout) or the [`/logout` API endpoint](/docs/reference/api/oidc/#logout).
```

Author: Changed to:
> Enter the **Sign-out redirect URIs** where Okta redirects the browser after it receives the sign-out request from the relying-party and terminates the end-user's session. 
{Adding "you" would be ambiguous here - is it you the end-user, you the admin, or you the app?}

#### Single-page applications

1. Select from among the different grant type options.

> 1. If you only want to support direct SSO to your integration (not launched from the Okta End-User Dashboard), then you only need to set the **Sign-in initiated by**  to App Only, enter one or more **Sign-in redirect URIs** values, and you can leave all of the remaining entries at their default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you only want to support direct SSO to your integration (not launched from the Okta End-User Dashboard), then you only need to set the **Sign-in initiated by** to App Only and enter one or more **Sign-in redirect URIs** values. You can leave all of the remaining entries at their default values.
```
